"To Be An Imperial" by Realms Eclipse

[Verse 1]  
Barney put the mead on, cause I'm late for patrol again  
Another day in the Legion, wonder what kinda tasks I get  
I am an Imperial Legionnaire, ever heard of it?  
Sure you did, I got the Septims, but now I'm earning it  
Building up my legacy in Cyrodiil  
Soldier of the month, they should have a plaque with my name
I'll hang up my steel armor, grab my new battle gear  
Just in case the Stormcloaks decide to come near  
Who ever thought a disciplined warrior could go so far  
Even acquired a minor degree in conjuring arts 
No joke, I've got more guts than a Daedroth 
Daedras wanna grab my soul, but they can't win  
I’m not one for talking, but I got an arsenal  
Forget my rank when a sword makes any problem solvable  
I am invincible, like a command from the console
The odds of stopping a rebellion went from slim to probable
I'm rallying the troops and running amok  
Cleaning out the rebels who think they can cover this up  
I'll paint the wall with their emblems, call that a Stormcloak layoff  
When you enter this province, you know who's laid law  
Don't call me mad, I got plenty of might  
I'll annihilate any enemy who wants to start a fight  
If I work any overtime, I ain’t doing it for free, man  
At least give me some praise, okay, Tullius?

[Chorus]  
What makes your life worth living?  
Who’s making your decisions?  
Strung up by puppet strings, but no one else can see them  
When this empire crashes  
Wake up and smell the ashes  
Trapped in a civil war with a dream to be an Imperial

[Verse 2]  
I need another potion, have I been sleeping on the job?  
Doesn't matter this time, I arrived right on the dot  
General Tullius, what have you done to Skyrim's pride  
Call up a healer, cause we got another wound to heal
It only took the dragons awakening all of seven hours  
To burn us and then make us build overcompensating armies 
Now I need a team of warriors to see the rebellion through  
Cause so far I’ve been solo, is Rikke single too?  
This Dwarven automaton's bite is bigger than it's bark, I've  
Upgraded from steel to Ebony, sharp as a knife  
Charge up, now we’ll divide and conquer the Stormcloaks  
Buckle up rebels, because you're in for a long fight  
Comes another unstoppable force, the source of which is Imperial  
I govern magic, I'll send you soaring through aether  
Back in the Thalmor War I slaughtered a battalion  
But now I work with them, sorry this is gallant  
No fort will hold us, Solitude or Whiterun 
My sword is blood-soaked, you got subdued  
Made it through the crypts, somehow I kept my head  
What's the story with that Dragonborn? might be dead  
Theoretically speaking, I'm a benevolent being  
But with politics, intent has no meaning  
Hands up when you see the dragon, doesn't matter what your race is  
I'm Imperial, General, I'll never stay in stasis

[Chorus]  
What makes your life worth living?  
Who's making your decisions?  
Strung up by puppet strings, but no one else can see them  
When this empire crashes  
Wake up and smell the ashes  
Trapped in a civil war with a dream to be an Imperial

[Outro]  
I won't let any Stormcloak freak overwork me  
Time to spill their cryptic secrets now in verse three...  
(static)